Update readme for EAS build fail (#1967)
infinitered/ignite: README.md

- Make sure you are using the LTS version of Node. This can be checked via the `node --version` command. If you require multiple Node versions on your system, install `nvm`, and then run `nvm install --lts`. At the time of writing, Node LTS is v14.x.x.
- If the installation fails because of an Xcode error (missing Xcode command line tools), the easiest way to install them is to run `sudo xcode-select --install` in your terminal.
- If Xcode and command line tools are already installed, but the installation complains about missing patch dependencies, you may need to switch the Xcode location to something else: `sudo xcode-select -s /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer`

> - EAS build fails the solidarity check, to resolve comment out the below in file ./boilerplate/bin/postInstall
> { command: "solidarity" },
> { command: "pod install", cwd: "ios", onlyPlatforms: ["darwin"] },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If [EAS Build](https://docs.expo.dev/build/introduction/) fails the [Solidarity](https://github.com/infinitered/solidarity) check, to resolve comment out the below in the file `./bin/postInstall`:

```
{ command: "solidarity" },
{ command: "pod install", cwd: "ios", onlyPlatforms: ["darwin"] },
```
```

> { command: "pod install", cwd: "ios", onlyPlatforms: ["darwin"] },

Reviewer: You can remove the solidarity line because I'm removing it in #1968.

Also, put a code block around the line here, and make the comment more consistent with the phrasing of the previous ones.

Thanks!
